In this course, we will be focusing around
architectural best practices around Cloud security.
We will start with looking at Identity and Access Management in AWS.
We will cover techniques to ensure that users enrolls who
manage and control resources in the Cloud are secure.
We will also investigate best practices around authentication,
authorization, and fine-tuning user permissions.
We will also explore methods of ensuring that
your cloud infrastructure and networks are protected from unauthorized access.
This will include techniques to secure and harden access to instances and servers.
Additionally, we will delve into network controls offered by the Cloud provider.
You will also get an overview of various methods to securely connect to Cloud networks.
Once we have a good understanding of how to secure access to Cloud environments,
we will cover techniques and methods related to protecting data stored in the Cloud.
We'll look at encryption capabilities offered by
AWS and how applications can leverage these capabilities.
I will also provide recommendations around encryption key management.
Finally, we will tie it all together by looking at how
to incorporate security in your Cloud operational model.
We will introduce the idea of shifting security
monitoring to the left in order to discover risks early on.
We will also look at tools to discover vulnerabilities and insecure configurations.
Finally, we will discuss some of
the AWS Cloud services which can defend Web applications from external threats.